fix commandresults when provided only outputs_prefix (#8399)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_1_9.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fix an issue in which only **outputs_prefix** was provided to **CommandResults**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in which improper Context DT key was generated when only **outputs_prefix** was provided to the **CommandResults** object.
```
